# Last Week

## Objectives

### COMPLETED: Add a variety of weapons, as per the outline

Done, though the values are completely arbitrary.

### COMPLETED: Expose weapon-building functions/objects as an enumerable structure, such that they can be iterated over

Done. I would strongly like to switch to an json-based definition format however, as opposed to the current function-based definition.

### PARTIALLY COMPLETED: AI mech building, utilizing genetic algorithm
  - Structure construction as a series of genes
  - Each gene is a location + item pair
  - Fixed-length chromosome (some genes will not be expressed)
  - Fitness function is playing match against a baseline enemy
  - First-pass; only needs to function as proof-of-concept

It's sort of done, in the sense that I'm pretty sure there's optimization happening. It just takes forever and doesn't really work - it ends up just placing short/medium-range weapons in all available slots.

I think this is sort of a sign that if the AI is based only on walking forward and shooting, there's just not a lot of room for optimization.

The optimization code I wrote was only in the test namespace, and was not hooked up to the main program.

## Summary

Achieved my objectives, though not quite what I hoped. The technical aspects of the AI mech building were working, but they didn't have the effect I was hoping for. I have high hopes for adding AI to the chromosome, though!

# This Week's

## Objectives

### Implement holsters

Holsters are essentially identical to mounts, but with no ability to fire and a lot less slots. Possibly armored better.

### Implement weapon switching as a valid action

Right now it will only be used by player command, but keep it open for AIs.

### Use a json-based definition for mech parts

The parts should be exposed in a list of "All Slottable Items". This means for every weapon, there will be a holstered weapon and a mounted weapon as slottable items.

### Create a AI system

The AI system should be composed of objects which can be composed into a function. The function should evaluate the current state, and then return an Event which can be processed.