# Last Week

## Objectives

### COMPLETE: Use a json-based definition for mech parts

+ Add json parsing library
+ Add "Blueprint" class for mech parts
  - Blueprint is a Entity Factory
+ Add registry of blueprints
  - Weapon mounts/holsters are cross-producted
+ Convert all existing parts to blueprints in EntityBuilder

### DROPPED: Use a json-based definition for mech construction

+ Add "Mech Blueprint" class for mechs
+ Add registery of mech blueprints
+ Convert all existing mechs to blueprints in EntityBuilder

### IN PROGRESS: Create an AI System

Investigate this further when (if) you get here!

### ADDED COMPLETE: Make project runnable on Linux box

This is so that I can work at the library.

## Summary

I realized that I don't really want a mech blueprint, because the
mechs aren't going go be constructed by blueprints. Rather,
they'll be evolved. Now, a method of serializing/deserializing in
a human-readable manner would be good, but that's completely not
a blueprint!

Instead I started working on the AI system.

I think I have a good AI system started (it's not on master, it's
on the AI branch); it's basically a series of conditions ->
actions. I have not yet integrated it into the arena code
however.

Also note that this is being written Tuesday, not Monday; 

# This Week

## Objectives

### IN PROGRESS: Create an AI System

+ Add in more clauses for conditions
+ Return GameEvents from Actions
+ Integrate Conditions/Actions into the Arena system

### Genetic Algorithm for AI

Once the AI system is up you'll have all the pieces for this.